{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}{\f1 Courier New;}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440
\fs28\b OER Submission Notes\b0\par
\fs22 Prepared for review on March 31, 2026\par
\par
\b Repository and Publication Status\b0\par
The public-facing metadata was tightened in the repository so the site now consistently identifies Simon Aman and Truman College, distinguishes the main textbook from the companion workbook, exposes both PDF downloads, and makes the CC BY 4.0 license explicit at the landing-page level. The corrected citation also appears in the repository-facing materials.\par
\par
\b Open Textbook Library Readiness\b0\par
You are basically ready to submit. The current requirement is stricter than the earlier summary: the book must be openly licensed including images, available as a complete portable file such as PDF or EPUB, be either in use at multiple higher education institutions or affiliated with a higher education institution, and be original rather than a light derivative. Your affiliation with Truman College satisfies the affiliation path.\par
\par
The main unresolved submission risk is image provenance: the books are CC BY 4.0 licensed, but image provenance should be verified so every embedded image is either your own or openly licensed in a way compatible with CC BY 4.0.\par
\par
\b Open Textbook Library Submission Text\b0\par
\par
\b 1. Textbook name:\b0\par
Python for Introductory Statistics\par
\par
\b 2. Textbook link:\b0\par
https://saman2ccc.github.io/PythonForStat/\par
\par
\b 3. Additional information:\b0\par
This is an original open textbook for introductory statistics with Python by Simon Aman of Truman College, City Colleges of Chicago. It is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) and is available in web and PDF formats. A companion student workbook is also available on the project site, together with source notebooks and downloadable PDFs. The textbook is affiliated with and currently used at Truman College.\par
\par
\b 4. About you:\b0\par
Name: Simon Aman\par
Email: saman2@ccc.edu\par
Institution / organization: Truman College, City Colleges of Chicago\par
\par
\b MERLOT Entry Text\b0\par
\par
\b 1. Title:\b0\par
Python for Introductory Statistics\par
\par
\b 2. Material type:\b0\par
Open Textbook\par
\par
\b 3. Author:\b0\par
Simon Aman\par
\par
\b 4. Institution:\b0\par
Truman College, City Colleges of Chicago\par
\par
\b 5. URL:\b0\par
https://saman2ccc.github.io/PythonForStat/Python_for_Introductory_Statistics_V2_published.html\par
\par
\b 6. Description:\b0\par
Python for Introductory Statistics is an openly licensed introductory statistics textbook that teaches core statistical ideas alongside Python-based computation and visualization. The site includes a full web edition, a downloadable PDF, source notebooks, and a companion student workbook with guided labs and coding practice.\par
\par
\b 7. License:\b0\par
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0)\par
\par
\b 8. Keywords:\b0\par
introductory statistics, Python, data analysis, open textbook, OER, statistics education\par
\par
\b OER Commons Entry Text\b0\par
\par
\b 1. Title:\b0\par
Python for Introductory Statistics\par
\par
\b 2. Short description:\b0\par
An openly licensed introductory statistics textbook using Python, with a companion student lab workbook, web editions, PDFs, and source notebooks.\par
\par
\b 3. Full description:\b0\par
This OER collection includes the main textbook, Python for Introductory Statistics, and a companion Student's Lab Workbook. The materials are intended for introductory statistics instruction and include conceptual explanations, examples, guided labs, downloadable PDFs, and editable notebook sources. The collection is authored by Simon Aman of Truman College, City Colleges of Chicago and licensed under CC BY 4.0.\par
\par
\b 4. Author:\b0\par
Simon Aman\par
\par
\b 5. Institution:\b0\par
Truman College, City Colleges of Chicago\par
\par
\b 6. License:\b0\par
CC BY 4.0\par
\par
\b 7. Primary resource URL:\b0\par
https://saman2ccc.github.io/PythonForStat/\par
\par
\b 8. Main textbook direct URL:\b0\par
https://saman2ccc.github.io/PythonForStat/Python_for_Introductory_Statistics_V2_published.html\par
\par
\b 9. Companion workbook direct URL:\b0\par
https://saman2ccc.github.io/PythonForStat/Workbook_V3_published.html\par
\par
\b 10. PDF URL:\b0\par
https://saman2ccc.github.io/PythonForStat/Python_for_Introductory_Statistics_V2_published.pdf\par
\par
\b Submission-Risk Review\b0\par
\par
\b 1. Image licensing remains the main material risk.\b0\par
If any screenshot, diagram, or embedded image came from another source, make sure you have permission or a compatible open license.\par
\par
\b 2. Open Textbook Library will likely treat the textbook as the primary submission.\b0\par
The workbook should be framed as ancillary or companion material, which is already how the landing page and README present it.\par
\par
\b 3. The site and repository metadata are now aligned, but a final editorial pass is still worth doing.\b0\par
Minor manuscript wording issues are not a licensing blocker, but polishing them will improve the submission.\par
\par
\b Natural Next Steps\b0\par
\par
1. Submit the main textbook to Open Textbook Library using the text above.\par
2. Submit the same main textbook to MERLOT and OER Commons, listing the workbook as a companion resource.\par
3. Do one final image-rights audit before submission if any figures were not created by you.\par
\par
\b Quick Links\b0\par
Open Textbook Library submission page: https://open.umn.edu/opentextbooks/textbooks/submit\par
Project homepage: https://saman2ccc.github.io/PythonForStat/\par
Main textbook PDF: https://saman2ccc.github.io/PythonForStat/Python_for_Introductory_Statistics_V2_published.pdf\par
Workbook PDF: https://saman2ccc.github.io/PythonForStat/Workbook_V3_published.pdf\par
}